Add configurable ellipsoid (#31)
kylebarron/quantized-mesh-encoder: README.md

    - `None`: Runs both the naive and the ritter methods, then returns the
      smaller of the two. Since this runs both algorithms, it takes around 500
      µs on my computer

> - `ellipsoid` (`Ellipsoid`, optional): ellipsoid defined by its semi-major `a`
>    and semi-minor `b` axes.
>    Default is WGS84 `Ellipsoid(a=6378137.0, b=6356752.3142451793)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `ellipsoid` (`Ellipsoid`, optional): ellipsoid defined by its semi-major `a`
   and semi-minor `b` axes. Default is the WGS84 ellipsoid.
```

I don't think the WGS84 values need to go in the README.
